OK, you can see the issue that I had created for the last video as far as creating a Springboard project
is now closed.
And I do want to point this out to you, that you can come in here to GitHub.
You can see that I've added in this initial ad from Spring Naturalizer Close's number one.
Then I can click on this and you can see a change log of everything that was added so that there's all
the stuff that's added.
Let me jump over to anthologized really quick.
I want to point out just a couple minor things.
One thing that's important about this is just how GitHub itself works by default.
So you can see here the spring project downloaded to resources and templates.
The problem is these are empty directories and empty directories by default do not get pushed up to
GitHub.
So those will be missing.
So when I look at resources, static templates that come back over to GitHub.
Me come up here and I did add this into Special Branch for it, so now that that doesn't create S.B
for spring boot at.
So if I come in here, look at the source, main resources can see that I just have application properties
toggling back over to intelligence, I can see here that have resources.
And there's these two folders are going to be missing.
And this list does trip up some people at times.
But don't worry when you need that, just go ahead and create those directory so you'll see this elsewhere
in the course.
And this is just one of those things as to how it works.
So I'd know there's a setting that you can override to force it to bring up empty directories that I
have not got into.
And then also the spring boot project does implement a ignore.
So you can see that it brings in this help.
And this is a a markdown file that gives you some links.
And I, I don't need this.
I'm just going to come in here and delete it from my project.
I saw it on the screen.
And that also is not going to be in GitHub because that is not going to be in GitHub, because that
has been marked as ignore.
So I'm just going to go ahead and delete those so we don't need that and close out this good.
No, I jump back over to Kronmiller, click.
And let's come in to the issues in this project, what we want to do is add and this Chuck Norris dependency,
so I've added in GitHub ticket and we need this dependency Goober's framework, Chuck Norris for Actuator.
And in this case, we want the two to four zero net as the most recent one at the time of recording
come back over.
And you I'm just copying over the dependency.
And let's come over to the Mavin Pub.
We can see here I scroll this up with the spring boot starter, timely spring boot starter web.
And what I want to do is go ahead and paste that and.
And depending on your settings, I'm just going to come over here and reload that you can't tell intelligence
to automatically re-import, just doing that for safety to make sure that it does get reimported and
hear what we can do it.
Let me expand this out a little bit so we do have the timely could see the springs in the spring boot
starter, timely, timely extras, then the spring boot starter web and you can see the sky and bring
in the Tomcat dependancy spring up spring MVC.
And then my Chuck Norris for later, and we can see here that this did have a dependency on spring boot
and that that has been admitted because that is coming in from others.
And then also by default, we do get the testing or we're not going to be dealing with a lot of testing
at this point.
Not on this application at least we will see that coming up in the course.
But we can see that we do have tests and and that has been given the test go.
So for the purposes of this lesson, what we want to do is focus on bringing in this dependency.
And this is the artifact that's up and moving central that I wrote that is going to give us the random
Chuck Norris jokes.
So I'm going to create a new branch, commit this in and close out that ticket cell reference to ticket
number so you can see exactly what was changed in this video.